NAME: Andrew Choi
EMAIL: asjchoi@ucla.edu
ID: 205348339

lab0: Program copies contents of standard input to standard output.
      Supports file redirection.

Included files:
lab0.c         - C source module
Makefile       - makefile to build program and tarball
README         - description of included files and smoke-test cases
backtrace.png  - screen shot of program segfault with stack backtrace
breakpoint.png - screen shot of breakpoint and null pointer inspection

Smoke-test cases:
I used twelve cases to test the lab0 executable which makes sure
that the expected return code was received for a set of arguments.
When running make check, it will output which cases were passed
and which were failed. The cases with a brief description for each
are listed below.

Case 1: Pass an input file argument that does not exist.
Expected return code 2.
Case 2: Use the segfault argument and the catch argument in that order.
Expected return code of 4.
Case 3: Same as case 2 but use the catch argument first.
Expected return code of 4.
Case 4: Enter an invalid argument.
Expected return code of 1.
Case 5: Enter valid arguments with an invalid argument at the end.
Expected return code of 1.
Case 6: Enter valid arguments with an invalid argument in the middle.
Expected return code of 1.
Case 7: Enter valid arguments with an invalid argument in the middle (2).
Expected return code of 1.
Case 8: Enter a short argument.
Expected return code of 1.
Case 9: No argument to input.
Expected return code of 1.
Case 10: No argument to output.
Expected return code of 1.
Case 11: Program terminates successfully.
Expected return code of 0.
Case 12: Open a file with improper permission.
Expected return code of 3.

References:
Used the following example to better understand getopt_long()
https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Example-of-Getopt.html

Used the following example to suppress stdout and stderr for smoke test.
https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/80629/redirect-both-stderr-and-stdout-to-dev-null-with-bin-sh
